README.md, before:

# DOT-NET-CORE-
.Net Core Security

https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/interviewing/most-common-behavioral-interview-questions-and-answers
https://coderbyte.com/starter-course/algorithms-and-data-structures
1. Repl.it
2. Codechef
3. Turorialspoint
4. DotnetFiddle
5. Coderbyte
6. OnlineGdb
7. Resxtester
8. HackerEarth

:green_book: https://dev.to/tomeraitz/tricky-javascript-questions-7nk?utm_source=digest_mailer&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=digest_email

:green_book: https://www.csharpstar.com/csharp-program-to-implement-binary-search-tree/

:green_book: https://studyalgorithms.com/

:green_book: https://cp-algorithms.com/

:green_book: https://www.educative.io/courses/grokking-the-system-design-interview/3jEwl04BL7Q

:green_book: https://lethain.com/introduction-to-architecting-systems-for-scale/

:green_book: https://www.fullstack.cafe/interview-questions/angular 

:green_book: https://sites.google.com/site/craigandera/craigs-stuff/scalability-considerations/five-considerations-for-large-scale-systems

:green_book: https://www.diagrameditor.com/

:green_book: https://www.interviewbit.com/angular-interview-questions/

:green_book: https://sql-plsql.blogspot.com/2013/08/multiple-choice-questions-sql-server.html

:green_book: .Net Core EF Content Code First- 
1. add-migration
2. update-database
3. remove-migration
4. update-database <old_migration_name>
5. script-migration

:green_book: Database first approach

1. Connecting to the existing database.
2. Adding the Connection String to the AppSettings.JSON file.
3. Installing the necessary packages.
4. Using the Scaffold command to generate the models.

The Scaffold Command: 
-----------------------------------------
Scaffold-DbContext {-Connection-string-in-quotations-} Microsoft.EntityFrameWorkCore.SqlServer -outputdir Repository/Models -context {-databasename-}DbContext -contextdir Repository -DataAnnotations -Force

Commit message:

Logging into Serilog and viewing logs in Kibana

README.md, after:

# DOT-NET-CORE-
.Net Core Security

https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/interviewing/most-common-behavioral-interview-questions-and-answers
https://coderbyte.com/starter-course/algorithms-and-data-structures
1. Repl.it
2. Codechef
3. Turorialspoint
4. DotnetFiddle
5. Coderbyte
6. OnlineGdb
7. Resxtester
8. HackerEarth

:green_book: https://dev.to/tomeraitz/tricky-javascript-questions-7nk?utm_source=digest_mailer&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=digest_email

:green_book: https://www.csharpstar.com/csharp-program-to-implement-binary-search-tree/

:green_book: https://studyalgorithms.com/

:green_book: https://cp-algorithms.com/

:green_book: https://www.educative.io/courses/grokking-the-system-design-interview/3jEwl04BL7Q

:green_book: https://lethain.com/introduction-to-architecting-systems-for-scale/

:green_book: https://www.fullstack.cafe/interview-questions/angular 

:green_book: https://sites.google.com/site/craigandera/craigs-stuff/scalability-considerations/five-considerations-for-large-scale-systems

:green_book: https://www.diagrameditor.com/

:green_book: https://www.interviewbit.com/angular-interview-questions/

:green_book: https://sql-plsql.blogspot.com/2013/08/multiple-choice-questions-sql-server.html

:green_book: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0acSdHJfk64&t=633s (Logging into Elasticsearch using Serilog and viewing logs in Kibana)

:green_book: .Net Core EF Content Code First- 
1. add-migration
2. update-database
3. remove-migration
4. update-database <old_migration_name>
5. script-migration

:green_book: Database first approach

1. Connecting to the existing database.
2. Adding the Connection String to the AppSettings.JSON file.
3. Installing the necessary packages.
4. Using the Scaffold command to generate the models.

The Scaffold Command: 
-----------------------------------------
Scaffold-DbContext {-Connection-string-in-quotations-} Microsoft.EntityFrameWorkCore.SqlServer -outputdir Repository/Models -context {-databasename-}DbContext -contextdir Repository -DataAnnotations -Force
